[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: So, let's go ahead and
get you started on this.
I'm gonna suggest you do two classes.
So let's just go ahead and do node
together because that's really simple.
Yeah, a lot of code with this.
Okay, So class Node, constructor,
and the constructor takes a value.
And here you're gonna say,
this.value equals value.
And this.next equals null.
Okay, that's it.
You can do this with
a plain JavaScript object.
I like just having an enforced kind
of interface to interact with it.
But just to be clear about it,
when I say Node, I'm actually
referring to one of these, right, one of
the individual nodes in the linked list.
Okay, and let's come up here and
do a class LinkedList in a constructor.
Actually do we even need a constructor?
No, well we're gonna say this.head = null,
right,
because when you first construct it,
that it's not gonna have a head.
>> Speaker 1: That's really annoying,
I can't.
>> Speaker 1: And then underneath that
we're going to have all of our methods,
which is gonna be on this.length = 0.
So, I also did this with a tail.
You're welcome to do this without a tail,
or
you can put that on multiple lines,
if that makes you feel better.
This.tail equals null.
Or you can not use tail.
That's fine too.
Okay, and then we're gonna have push,
which is gonna take a value.
Pop, which is going to return a value.
_find which is,
you can do this a couple of ways.
I did it because, I did it with a,
basically the test method is a comparator.
So, a function that you provide to it that
it uses to compare what it's looking for.
So if that's the case,
you wanna do it the way that I did it.
You need to have a test method too,
which takes two items, a and b.
>> Speaker 1: The get method, index.
Delete method.
>> Speaker 1: And, I also give
it a test index method, in fact,
why don't I just give you those
since those are testIndex.
>> Speaker 1: So with the testIndex
method, I just have return
search === i, which basically means,
did I find the correct index in here?
And then test, I just have return a,
ooh, that was good typing, Brian.
a === b, right.
>> Speaker 2: What is
the double underscore?
>> Speaker 1: The double underscore,
basically it's like symbolic that
I don't care what it actually is.
Is anyone,
if you ever done some sort of Haskell or
any of those kind of functional
language using everywhere.
You can make this like dontCare, right.
It doesn't actually matter what is,
cuz notice,
I'm not referencing it at all down here.
I just care what's here and what's here.
And so the double underscore just
means I'm not gonna use that.
But it's a list of parameters that always
come in in a certain order, right.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Benjamin H is asking
if the test method should also
prefixed with an underscore,
since it's internal.
>> Speaker 1: Sure, works for me.
>> Speaker 3: That's just a convention,
right?
>> Speaker 1: Yep,
totally just convention.
>> Speaker 1: And then I have up here
as a default parameter, yeah this_test.
If you want to do it that way.
>> Speaker 1: Did I see another hand?
>> Speaker 1: So
where I use the test methods by the way,
since they are internal methods,
is in find.
>> Speaker 1: Cuz sometimes we're gonna
be looking for things by key, right?
Sometimes we're wanting to be looking for
them by,
is this the object I'm looking for, right?
If we’re doing,
>> Speaker 1: I don’t wanna say that.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
when we’re looking for things by value
that’s when we're gonna use test, right.
So if a === b, then we’re looking to
use test, and if we're looking for
things by index,
then we're gonna be using search index.
Again, this is my implementation of it,
you don't have to do it this way,
if you wanna have two entirely
different methods that search for
things two different ways,
that's totally up to you as well.
I just chose to combine this
find method into one code path.